GH-35218: [R] Update NEWS for the R component/version 12.0.0 (#35219)
apache/arrow: r/NEWS.md

# arrow 11.0.0.9000

## New features

> * The `read_parquet()` and `read_arrow()` functions can now accept URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `read_parquet()` and `read_feather()` functions can now accept URL
```

  arguments (#33287, #34708).
* The `json_credentials` argument in `GcsFileSystem$create()` now accepts
  a file path containing the appropriate authentication token (@amoeba,
  #34421, #34524).
* The `$options` member of `GcsFileSystem` objects can now be inspected
  (@amoeba, #34422, #34477).

> * The `read_csv_arrow()` function now accepts literal text input wrapped in

Reviewer 2: It may be worth mentioning `read_json_arrow()` too.

```suggestion
* The `read_csv_arrow()` and `read_json_arrow()` functions now accept literal text input wrapped in
```

  and simplify building query plans from dplyr expressions (#34437, #34685).
* Fix a bug where different R metadata were written depending on subtle
  argument passing semantics in `arrow_table()` (#35038, #35039).
* Improve error message when attempting to convert a `data.frame` with `NULL`
  column names to a `Table` (#15247, #34798).
* Vignettes were updated to reflect improvements in the `open_csv_dataset()`
  family of functions (#33998, #34710).
* Fixed a crash that occurred when arrow ALTREP vectors were
  materialized and converted back to arrow Arrays (#34211, #34489).
* Improved conda install instructions (#32512, #34398).
* Improved documentation URL configurations (@eitsupi, #34276).
* Updated links to JIRA issues that were migrated to GitHub
  (@eitsupi, #33631, #34260).
* The `dplyr::n()` function is now mapped to the `count_all` kernel to improve
  performance and simplify the R implementation (#33892, #33917).
* Improved the experience of using the `s3_bucket()` filesystem helper
  with `endpoint_override` and fixed surprising behaviour that occurred
  when passing some combinations of arguments (@cboettig, #33904, #34009).

> * Explicitly error if `schema` is supplied and `col_names = TRUE` in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Do not raise error if `schema` is supplied and `col_names = TRUE` in
```
